README.md, before:

# CISC191-DnD5eSpellTracker
8 week Java Project for CISC 191. A Spells Tracker for DnD5e

## Project Proposal
### Planned Working Time
I plan on working on this project after class on Mondays from 12:00pm to at least 3:00pm. I will also work on it as needed on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays.

### Project Pitch
(insert project pitchs)

### CRC Cards
(inset CRC Cards)

### UML Diagram
(insert UML Diagram)

### Object-Oriented Design
(link to video of object oriented design.)

### Learning Outcomes
- LO1: Employ design priniclepls of object-oriented programming
- LO2: Construct programs utilizing single and multidimensional arrays (optional)
- LO3: Construct programs utlizing object and classes in object-oriented programming, including aggregation
- LO4: Construct programs utlizing inheritance and polymorphism, including abstract classes and interfaces
- LO5: construct pograms utilizing genertic collections and data structures.
- LO6: Construct programs utilizing graphical user interdces and utilizing event-driven programming
- LO7: Construct programs utilizing exception handling
- LO8: Construct programs utilizing text file I/O

### Timeline
__Everyweek__
 - Updtae project page with the progress details.
 - Submit code written so far.

__Week 1__
 - Write the project proposal
 - Plan the object-oriented design, starting with CRC cards. Determine classes (with fields and methods) and interfaces and their responsiblites. (the "model" part of MVC.)
 - Create the UML.
 - Begin writing project page.

__Week 2__
 - Write code for classes X, Y, Z.
 - Develop text cases and test code as it is written.

__Week 3__
 - Finish writing classes.
 - Determine where exception handling is needed to ensure the program fails gracefully
 - Design th eGUI (sketch it out on paper) - include the design in the weekly update!

__Week 4__
 - Test, test, test, debug, and test some more.

__Week 5__
 - Write code to create a non-functional GUI (the "view" part of MVC.)

__Week 6__
 - Add event handling to make the GUI funcitonal (the "controller" part of MVC).

__Week 7__
 - Test, test, test, debug, and test some more

__Week 8__
 - Debug any remaining problems.
 - Create project demonstration video, including information about hwo each LO is used as part of the project.
 - Submit final code on Canvas, and add videos to project page.

## Deliverables per Week

## Project Wrap-up

Commit message:

Update README.md with first draft of project pitch

README.md, after:

# CISC191-DnD5eSpellTracker
8 week Java Project for CISC 191. A Spells Tracker for DnD5e

## Project Proposal

### Planned Working Time
I plan on working on this project after class on Mondays from 12:00pm to at least 3:00pm. I will also work on it as needed on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays.

### Project Pitch
Spells are a major part of playing Dungeons & Dragons. It you're a spallcaster like a Wizard or Sorcerer, it's pretty much your entire gameplay. If you're a partial caster, it's still a part of your game play. and while there are a few classes that can go spell free, usually the party will be at least half people who can cast some kind of spells.

But keeping track of spells can be a hassle. If you're a wizard you learn 2 new spells each time you gain a level, which can really add up. If you're a cleric you can prepare any spell on the cleric spell list. Anyone who casts spells needs to keep track of how many they're casted and how many spell slots they have left.

I'm making a D&D fifth edition Spell Tracker to help make spells less of a hassle when playing D&D.

Players will be able to keep track of how many spells slots they have and have left (or if they use spell points keep track of those). Players will have an easy to navigate list of their spells that can be sorted by if they're a ritual, if they're prepared or not (or *always* prepared due to subclass), or just the level of the spells. 

### CRC Cards
(inset CRC Cards)

### UML Diagram
(insert UML Diagram)

### Object-Oriented Design
(link to video of object oriented design.)

### Learning Outcomes
- LO1: Employ design priniclepls of object-oriented programming
- LO2: Construct programs utilizing single and multidimensional arrays (optional)
- LO3: Construct programs utlizing object and classes in object-oriented programming, including aggregation
- LO4: Construct programs utlizing inheritance and polymorphism, including abstract classes and interfaces
- LO5: construct pograms utilizing genertic collections and data structures.
- LO6: Construct programs utilizing graphical user interdces and utilizing event-driven programming
- LO7: Construct programs utilizing exception handling
- LO8: Construct programs utilizing text file I/O

### Timeline
__Everyweek__
 - Updtae project page with the progress details.
 - Submit code written so far.

__Week 1__
 - Write the project proposal
 - Plan the object-oriented design, starting with CRC cards. Determine classes (with fields and methods) and interfaces and their responsiblites. (the "model" part of MVC.)
 - Create the UML.
 - Begin writing project page.

__Week 2__
 - Write code for classes X, Y, Z.
 - Develop text cases and test code as it is written.

__Week 3__
 - Finish writing classes.
 - Determine where exception handling is needed to ensure the program fails gracefully
 - Design th eGUI (sketch it out on paper) - include the design in the weekly update!

__Week 4__
 - Test, test, test, debug, and test some more.

__Week 5__
 - Write code to create a non-functional GUI (the "view" part of MVC.)

__Week 6__
 - Add event handling to make the GUI funcitonal (the "controller" part of MVC).

__Week 7__
 - Test, test, test, debug, and test some more

__Week 8__
 - Debug any remaining problems.
 - Create project demonstration video, including information about hwo each LO is used as part of the project.
 - Submit final code on Canvas, and add videos to project page.

## Deliverables per Week

## Project Wrap-up
